Aragon

0xbF72...bB92
0xbF7241A3e47e412bBBcA7D4fDB40b0321B0BbB92

Motivation to sign up
Both security, tokenomics, and governance are intertwined and require experienced and pragmatic input. Aragon is the only other “DAO framework” in the industry besides the currently used OZ Governor. We bring a fresh perspective while still deeply understanding Arbitrum’s current tech-stack. We want to work with the most forward thinking and technologically advanced organisations and bring our own expertise to securing one of the most vibrant and important networks.

Relevant experience
Aragon’s Extensive Security Track Record:
Security is not a feature at Aragon; it is our primary product. As the first-ever DAO framework, we have spent nine years securing billions of dollars across multiple products and networks.

Zero Exploits Since Inception: Since our mainnet launch in 2017, Aragon has never suffered a major hack or loss of funds. We have successfully secured assets for hundreds of projects.

Security-as-a-Service: Aragon has direct experience as security council member for Taiko, Aztec and Spark. We don’t just read code, we participate in economic, tokenomic, and security reviews.

Builders: The best security council members are those that have broad and deep knowledge of technology and business logic. We are builders first, having deployed dozens of protocols and tools securing tens of billions. Our services help fund the products we build which are often used as public goods. We are a team of 20+ innovators who bring different disciplines within our services.

The Security Council requires members who can act decisively under pressure, understand complex technical interactions, and prioritize the safety of user funds above all else.

Experience: We secure some of the world’s largest on-chain treasuries and protocols both from a technical perspective and operational perspective. We are always at the cutting-edge of security technology now actively testing AI-assisted and agent-based tooling to strengthen our and our users code bases.

Neutrality & Integrity: Aragon is a mission-driven project dedicated to neutral, open-source public goods. We bring a “code-as-law” philosophy that ensures decisions are made based on technical merit and the security of the network.

Full-stack: Our team is composed of experts in all types of development, tokenomics, and policy & advocacy. We are a Swiss based entity, with global employees, that are reliable; you don’t just get one independent security council member, you get our entire team.

Self assessment matrix
Are you able to independently verify what you're signing? (Yes/No)
Yes
What is your proficiency with Golang? (Scale on 0-10)
5
What is your proficiency with Solidity? (Scale on 0-10)
10
What is your proficiency with Rust? (Scale on 0-10)
7
What is your proficiency with Javascript? (Scale on 0-10)
10
Which projects (DAO or not) do you work with (please highlight any potential conflicts of interest)?
Lido, Curve, Taiko, Spark, Morpho, Aztec
What is your experience with cyber security?
9
Which country are you based in?
Switzerland
Does this profile represent an individual or organization? If organization, which individual is representing the organization?
Organization

Aragon | Arbitrum Security Council Candidate
