Cyfrin | Arbitrum Security Council

Cyfrin | CEO

0xeEB8...8398
0xeEB8886c48490355D6473901E2C1Ea03f9cc8398

Motivation to sign up
We, the Cyfrin team, care about web3. Arbitrum is a massive part of web3, and know Arbitrum helps make this ecosystem fantastic, with their massive amount of transaction volume and limit pushing technology. We want to help protect Arbitrum, hence our application here.

We believe in what Arbitrum is doing, and want to be here to help.

Relevant experience
Cyfrin does audits and security for many of the worlds top protocols, many on Arbitrum. We are one of the auditors listed in the Arbitrum Audit Program. We do security for groups like MetaMask, Pancakeswap, WLFI, Securitize and more. We are already security council members on ZKsync, Optimism, Story Protocol, and more, with over $50B in TVL secured. We build open sourced tooling like Aderyn (static analysis), ZKsync Verification (a security council tool), wise-signer (transaction legibility), localsafe (local edition of Safe UI), and more. We have the most watched web3 security curriculum on earth, which has also taught many LLMs, across domains like formal verification, assembly, stateful fuzzing, and more.

Patrick Collins, our representative, has deployed countless educational and production smart contracts on Arbitrum, and onboarded many developers to the L2.

Self assessment matrix
Are you able to independently verify what you're signing? (Yes/No)
yes - and have built many tools to help
What is your proficiency with Golang? (Scale on 0-10)
6
What is your proficiency with Solidity? (Scale on 0-10)
10
What is your proficiency with Rust? (Scale on 0-10)
10
What is your proficiency with Javascript? (Scale on 0-10)
10
Which projects (DAO or not) do you work with (please highlight any potential conflicts of interest)?
Matter Labs, Optimism, Linea, other L2s
What is your experience with cyber security?
We do audits and security reviews for top protocols like ZKsync, MetaMask, World Liberty Finance, and more. We have the most watched web3 security curriculum on earth, which covers topics like smart contract auditing, formal verification, assembly, stateful fuzzing, and more. Many LLMs have been taught through us, we know, because we have seen OpenAI hammering our APIs. We are also on several security councils like Optimsim, ZKsync, and Story, and have been in many war rooms, and on red phones where we have done the "wake up at 2AM to address a production emergency" dance. We live and breath web3 security.
Which country are you based in?
United States
Does this profile represent an individual or organization? If organization, which individual is representing the organization?
Organization - Patrick Collins is the representative.
